The vascular system that develops at the periphery.
We see that it has a great integration into the vitelline vesicle.
The islands of Wolf-Pander, all of that, are placed in this vitelline vesicle, in the duplication.
But behind, I have my amniotic cavity.
And you imagine it like a balloon here, which contains this whole circulatory system,
which is also in the axis.
And you imagine that this balloon here will deflate.
And the whole system from the periphery comes to...
centralized. It's behind, you have
this amniotic cavity
which, compared to this speed
of differential growth
of this primitive vascular field,
compared to the posterior part
and the development of my brain,
means that this amniotic cavity
comes to do this.
The more the system, it does
aspiration and outwards,
it pushes like this.
Transverse here,
both thoracic, both
and where it's a bit more complex is in the longitudinal axis where
there I have the
cephalization, cardialization, diaphragmatization and the whole
part of the
posterior peritoneum down to the perineum. I have this balloon that comes
to integrate like this and at the periphery it happens at the same time
it makes a
huge movement around like this and a huge movement like this where everything
comes together towards the umbilical cord which, I remind you, is a meeting between
the embryonic pedicle and the vitelline vesicle which resorbs like this.
The secrets, always bring fluids to the center. This is their
embryonic movement, it's the motility of development.
We will study in detail the cardinal, subcardinal and supracardinal system
to finally arrive at a venous plane, an axis.
vascular, with specific vestiges that will be found, and we will see that finally,
the venous vascular system develops,
not longitudinally, but
transversally. My caval venous system, I will see that there is a part that comes
from there, a part that comes from there, a part that comes from there, a part that comes from there.
So it's a transversal reunion compared to my arterial vascular system,
which is a functioning system.
longitudinal. Two large conduits that do this in a longitudinal system
whereas on the venous plane it's lateral germinations so it's new
trajectories. The moment you integrate the fluids towards the center
like this, you have zone B that opens and completely forms
like your aura around, this protective bubble that builds
among other things the cerebral system. When we see that the
The first cavity that will appear is the amniotic cavity.
It's not the first, but it's the second amniotic cavity.
But it is at this moment that the embryonic button becomes the future epiblast,
so the future nervous tissue.
So we must not separate them.
This means that if we want to treat the nervous system, we must always reintegrate zone B.
It joins on the whole median axis and finally at
the umbilical level.
really the final meeting point. Don't forget that the umbilicus is the meeting of the
embryonic pedicle and the vitelline vesicle.